.TH FUEL 1 "May 2025" "fuel project" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
fuel \- command-line interface for fuel game projects

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fuel
[\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBfuel\fR is a command-line frontend for working with game projects built using the fuel engine.

It provides commands to run or build a fuel project from the current directory.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B run
Launch the game project in the current directory.  
Internally invokes \fBfuelcore\fR to execute the main source file (e.g., \fImain.fuel\fR).

.TP
.B build \fIPLATFORM\fR \fIDESTDIR\fR
Export the game project for a specific target platform.  
This command compiles the project using \fBfuellang\fR, converts it to C source code,  
and generates a platform-specific source tree in the specified destination directory.

Supported platforms:
.RS
.TP
.B windows
Generate Visual Studio-compatible project structure and C code for Windows.

.TP
.B macos
Generate an Xcode-compatible macOS project.

.TP
.B linux
Generate a standard Makefile-based Linux project.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
Each subcommand may define its own options.  
Use \fBfuel \fICOMMAND\fR \fB--help\fR for more information.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Run the current fuel project:
.B
fuel run

.TP
Export the project for macOS into the ./export/macos directory:
.B
fuel build macos ./export/macos

.TP
Export for Windows (Visual Studio project):
.B
fuel build windows ./export/windows

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR fuelcore (1),
.BR fuellang (1)
.BR fuelpack (1)

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Awe Morris.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2025 fuel project.  
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  
There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
