.TH FUELLANG 1 "May 2025" "fuel project" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
fuellang \- compile and execute FuelLang source files

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fuellang
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fIFILE\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBfuellang\fR is the standalone compiler and runtime for FuelLang programs.

It supports three main operations:
.RS
.IP \(bu
Execute a FuelLang script directly.
.IP \(bu
Compile a FuelLang script to a bytecode file.
.IP \(bu
Transpile FuelLang code to portable C source.
.RE

Unlike \fBfuelcore\fR, \fBfuellang\fR does not support game-related APIs.  
Instead, it provides system-level functionality such as file I/O and scripting utilities  
that are unavailable in \fBfuelcore\fR.

This makes \fBfuellang\fR suitable for scripting, tooling, and general-purpose programming  
using the FuelLang language.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display usage information.

.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version details.

.TP
.B \-c, \-\-compile
Compile the input file to bytecode (.fbc).

.TP
.B \-t, \-\-transpile
Convert the input file to equivalent C source code.

.TP
.B \-o \fIFILE\fR
Specify the output file for compiled or transpiled code.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Run a FuelLang script:
.B
fuellang script.fuel

.TP
Compile to bytecode:
.B
fuellang -c script.fuel -o script.fbc

.TP
Transpile to C:
.B
fuellang -t script.fuel -o script.c

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR fuel (1)
.BR fuelcore (1),
.BR fuelpack (1),

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Awe Morris.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2025 Awe Morris.  
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  
There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.
